The Joe Rogan experience. Well, you live in Hawaii,
which is a really interesting place, right?
Because there's a lot of non-native animals that have been introduced to Hawaii,
like pigs and a lot of weird birds and a lot of, lot of weird rodents,
some plants and all kinds of. We got a, we got a, um.
The weird thing that we think is a Wallaby.
I think so you guys are wallabies now. Yeah. How crazy is that? Right?
Australia? You don't see 'em but they're little kangaroos, right?
They're like little kangaroo. Yeah. We have wallabies on our, and it's like,
how the did you get here? <laugh> but they're not like crazy. They're like,
you're out. And you see it, like, like they're very mysterious.
Like they pop up here and there when people are hiking in the mountains. Yeah.
But it's like a Wallaby bro. Like how the hell? Wow.
I don't know how they travel. Maybe they, I mean,
Australia's and surfing and whatever. Just jump hot. I'm outta here. I think.
Probably somebody you had it as a pet if I had to guess.
Yeah. I I'm sure. I'm sure. I,
you hear of a bunch of illegal pets that people have in Hawaii.
It just mind blowing, you know? I'm like, what the? Like, I,
I heard stories of people having like, um, gorillas and. Oh, and booze.
I'm like, what? How yeah. Hell do. Yeah. This, I don't know if people, boo.
I never saw 'em. People could be booing, but I'm like,
I'm not gonna put it past that. I saw more crazier stuff.
Well,
it seems like they would survive in the jungle if they could get out there.
Yeah. I mean, they just eat plants. There's so much greenery in Hawaii,
depending on what an island, right? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. What island did they see?
A gorilla?
They, they were saying the island we live on, on a wild one. Yeah. Yeah.
So I was like, but it wasn't a wild one. It was like a pet. Oh, a pet person.
Somebody kids, em, a pet. So I might, might snitching. And so like, yeah.
It's crazy.
Well,
I think they're trying to limit people's ability to own primates in America cuz
uh, you know about, I'm sure you heard about that story.
About the lady in Connecticut who uh,
kept a pet chimpanzee and then attacked her friend and tore her face off. No,
I did.
Not. Yeah. Oh.
That's a crazy story because that's what this lady kind of had a relationship
with this Chimp. Wait.
Wait, wait, what kind of relationship we.
Talking about? That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about.
Yeah. She was sleep, been in the bed with his Chimp, the Chimp drank wine and,
and, and took Xanax. She's feeding the Chimp Xanax and uh,
the lady's friend came over and the Chimp attacked the lady's friend.
Is it a guy? No. A woman, a woman friend.
I think the lady was probably blocking and the Chimp was like, all this.
And just tore her apart.
I mean, I shouldn't be laughing, but that's, it's horrible. That's wild.
That's Wild's a big Chimp too. And they're smart. Like what.
Do, what? Don't you champs? Like we come, like they say,
we evolution from those guys and they're like, I know some,
like you see what the,
the scientists are doing with these chimps or gorillas or whatever they do,
you know? And like, like these guys is smart.
Like you can and talk to 'em they talk back some of 'em know, sign language.
It's like, why are you trying to mess with that?
Have you not seen planet other a I'm sure there like, like three movies of it.
Like, come on guys. Let's relax.
They could it's like someone in the future could do something like that.
Like take a Chimp and genetically engineer to make it almost as smart as a
person or as smart as a person. I.
I wouldn't be surprised if someone's already doing.
It. There it is. He's eating her. Shoot him scream. The chimps owner.
200 pounds. Yeah. He was a huge Chimp and he, he tore her face apart.
I think he bit her fingers off. Did that woman survive? Yes. She was torn apart.
Yes. I show you the picture. Yeah. You've seen, oh,
don't show me the pictures of the lady. Yeah. I have seen them. They're awful.
It's they're terrible. Yeah, because chimps,
chimps are different than other animals that they know what you like.
They know that you need your hands and they know that you like your balls.
They know that you need your feet. Those are one of the things that they attack.
They attack your face. They tear your face apart. They pull your eyes out.
They bite your fingers off. They tear your Dick off and they tear your feet off.
I, I know. That's just nuts. I laughing. I'm just blown away.
It's up. Yeah. Cause they're smart.
They're super smart. Like, like, there's movies on this.
And there's people is doing it. You know, like fight. There's gonna come a time.
They're saying like, you know, like modern warfare and stuff is like true.
Like wifi and. We're gonna have wars and whatever.
And then the next thing is like, I hear robots and,
but what is it to do is just, you just start breeding,
crazy silver backs and champs and whatever. And then you make that like,
I don't know you a chip that makes them somewhat human.
They can talk and this and that. And you send them.
Off to war, put some kind of helmet on them that has some interface,
like some computer interface with the Chimp's brain.
And you have some helmet where they could see what's going on.
Like they could see like infrared and yeah. Yeah.
Elon Musk says his startup Neurolink uh, they got us with this.
You gotta shut that. A blocker off son. You gotta just give in to the,
to the network.
<laugh> Elon Musk says his startup neurally has wired up a monkey to play video
games using its mind. Exactly. See he's he already.
Head? He's already start to war. He's already head. He's already a,
you watch iron man. Yeah. You watch iron Ironman played both sides too.
At one point, you know? Oh, I, Elon was in the iron man. One of 'em.
So I don't know.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.